README.md, before:


# GITS2.0 - I.R.I.S
### GITS2.0 - Ideal ReposItory for Software projects

![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/sak007/GITS)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/sak007/GITS.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/sak007/GITS)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/sak007/GITS/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=G6RG52G2YO)](https://codecov.io/gh/sak007/GITS/)

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/295480790.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/295480790)

![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/sak007/GITS)
![GitHub closed issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/sak007/GITS)

![Lines of code](https://img.shields.io/tokei/lines/github/sak007/GITS)

# About GITS2.0 - I.R.I.S
"Your repo is your resume. But what is a good looking repo?"

So you want to start a Project on Github. Ever wondered what makes a project repository good?
What makes your project stand apart when collaborating with multiple developers?
What would ensure that your project is well documented and readable to other developers who might try to work on this in the future?


Worry not. I.R.I.S is here.

I.R.I.S (Ideal ReposItory for Software projects) is a tool which can help developers align their repos as per the standards defined in Software Engineering.

You don't have to worry about missing a test case, or scratch your head on what more files or functionalities are needed to make your repository look good.

I.R.I.S streamlines your repository as per the Software Engineering Standards, so that your repository has all the necessary Structure to be called a "Good Repo".

I.R.I.S can be thought of a base repo to make sure your project repo fits the bill.

# Installation Setup
## On Windows Machines

## On Linux/MacOS Machines

# How to Contribute?
Please take a look at our CONTRIBUTING.md where we provide instructions on contributing to the repo and help us in enhancing the current video conferencing platforms.

# Documentation
## Functionalities Implemented

0. Use custom commands to work with Git from your command line. 
1. Create Default files on startup according to the Stucture.
2. Files will be auto generated with template to give the developers an idea on what needs to be filled.
3. Auto test case function generation whenever new code gets pushed. Developer can update the necessary tests inside the function.
4. Score Calculation to see how much the repo matches with the ideal repo structure.
5. Create a custom command to work with Git and make development fun.


## Experimentation setup for phase 2
(Please check the Projects Tab to see how you can make the project better)

This project aims to ease the developers efforts while working on their project repos. I.R.I.S makes their work easier and saves time by providing all the necessary default files in the required structure to ensure that the developers can focus on making their project better and not worry about the repository.

Here are few motivation points behind coming up with this idea:
- When working on one of the homeworks for the course, we realised the dearth of project repos which adhere to the standard structure.
- Even if the Idea is good, developers miss out on making a good impression due to the inability to make the projects transferable and easily-usable.

To solve the issues described above, we came up with the project **I.R.I.S** that stands for **Ideal ReposItory for Software projects**.

### Tasks list
You can checkout the Projects Tab in GitHub to see the upcoming tasks for the Project.

### Quantitative measures
Here are some measures that can help compare the results between traditional Git/Github Repo Creation and I.R.I.S
1. The default files created as part of the repo creation.
2. The structure followed for the default files.
3. The default template followed for most files, so that even the most layman developer can ensure that his repo adheres to the Standard.

# Team Members
This repository is made for CSC 510 Software Engineering Course at NC State University.

Members 
1. Ashok Kumar Selvam
2. Rithik Jain
3. Sri Athithya Kruth Babu
4. Subramanian Venkataraman
5. Zunaid Hasan Sorathiya

Commit message:

Updated Readme file for GITS2.0 - Project IRIS with renamed project links

README.md, after:


# GITS2.0 - I.R.I.S
### GITS2.0 - Ideal ReposItory for Software projects

![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/sak007/GITS2.0-I.R.I.S)
[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.com/sak007/GITS2.0-I.R.I.S.svg?branch=master)](https://app.travis-ci.com/github/sak007/GITS2.0-I.R.I.S)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/sak007/GITS2.0-I.R.I.S/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=G6RG52G2YO)](https://app.codecov.io/gh/sak007/GITS2.0-I.R.I.S)

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/295480790.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/295480790)

![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/sak007/GITS2.0-I.R.I.S)
![GitHub closed issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/sak007/GITS2.0-I.R.I.S)

![Lines of code](https://img.shields.io/tokei/lines/github/sak007/GITS2.9-I.R.I.S)

# About GITS2.0 - I.R.I.S
"Your repo is your resume. But what is a good looking repo?"

So you want to start a Project on Github. Ever wondered what makes a project repository good?
What makes your project stand apart when collaborating with multiple developers?
What would ensure that your project is well documented and readable to other developers who might try to work on this in the future?


Worry not. I.R.I.S is here.

I.R.I.S (Ideal ReposItory for Software projects) is a tool which can help developers align their repos as per the standards defined in Software Engineering.

You don't have to worry about missing a test case, or scratch your head on what more files or functionalities are needed to make your repository look good.

I.R.I.S streamlines your repository as per the Software Engineering Standards, so that your repository has all the necessary Structure to be called a "Good Repo".

I.R.I.S can be thought of a base repo to make sure your project repo fits the bill.

# Installation Setup
## On Windows Machines

## On Linux/MacOS Machines

# How to Contribute?
Please take a look at our CONTRIBUTING.md where we provide instructions on contributing to the repo and help us in enhancing the current video conferencing platforms.

# Documentation
## Functionalities Implemented

0. Use custom commands to work with Git from your command line. 
1. Create Default files on startup according to the Stucture.
2. Files will be auto generated with template to give the developers an idea on what needs to be filled.
3. Auto test case function generation whenever new code gets pushed. Developer can update the necessary tests inside the function.
4. Score Calculation to see how much the repo matches with the ideal repo structure.
5. Create a custom command to work with Git and make development fun.


## Experimentation setup for Phase 2
(Please check the Projects Tab to see how you can make the project better)

This project aims to ease the developers efforts while working on their project repos. I.R.I.S makes their work easier and saves time by providing all the necessary default files in the required structure to ensure that the developers can focus on making their project better and not worry about the repository.

Here are few motivation points behind coming up with this idea:
- Sometimes when you're working with different files and branches, there are way too many commands which need to be updated in an order. Using a custom command, which can do multiple commands at the same time in a specific order saves time and effort from the developer.
- When working on one of the homeworks for the course, we realised the dearth in project repos which adhere to the standard structure.
- Even if the Idea is good, developers miss out on making a good impression due to the inability to make the projects transferable and easily-usable.

To solve the issues described above, we came up with the project **I.R.I.S** that stands for **Ideal ReposItory for Software projects**.

### Tasks list
You can checkout the Projects Tab in GitHub to see the upcoming tasks for the Project.

### Quantitative measures
Here are some measures that can help compare the results between traditional Git/Github Repo Creation and I.R.I.S
1. The default files created as part of the repo creation.
2. The structure followed for the default files.
3. The default template followed for most files, so that even the most layman developer can ensure that his repo adheres to the Standard.

# Team Members
This repository is made for CSC 510 Software Engineering Course at NC State University.

Members 
1. Ashok Kumar Selvam
2. Rithik Jain
3. Sri Athithya Kruth Babu
4. Subramanian Venkataraman
5. Zunaid Hasan Sorathiya
